Add network policy examples (#188)
SAP/stewardci-core: docs/examples/network_policies/README.md

# Network policy examples

## Valid policy configuration

> To run this examples apply the `policies.yaml` to your setward namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run these examples apply `policies.yaml` to your Steward system namespace, e.g. `steward-system`:
```

```
kubectl -n steward-system apply -f policies.yaml
```

### Network policy with internet access

This example pipeline run uses a network policy which allows internet access.

```

> kubectl -n steward-system apply -f pipelinerun_network_internet.yaml

Reviewer: The pipeline run should not be created in the Steward system namespace. Although it technically works, it gives a wrong impression to the reader of this page.

Author: See https://github.com/SAP/stewardci-core/pull/188/commits/8a4d0a17c8336f18f8b65d8a44f74fe927b9ed8d

```

The result is a successful run.
```
NAME                             STARTED   FINISHED   STATUS     RESULT          MESSAGE
network-profile-internet-qgqvf   **        **         finished   success         Pipeline completed with result: SUCCESS
```

### Network policy with no network access

This example pipeline run uses a network policy which allows no network access.

```
kubectl -n steward-system apply -f pipelinerun_network_blocked.yaml
```

The result is a run failing with a content error.

```
NAME                             STARTED   FINISHED   STATUS     RESULT          MESSAGE
network-profile-blocked-qgjfp    **        **         finished   error_content   Command ['git' 'clone' 'https://github.com/SAP-samples/stewardci-example-pipelines' '.'] failed w...
```

### Network policy with unknown policy

> This exaple pipeline run tries to use a non existing network policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example pipeline run tries to use a nonexistent network policy.

```

```
kubectl -n steward-system apply -f pipelinerun_network_unknown.yaml
```

> The result is a run failing with a config error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipeline run result is `error_config`, which indicates that the pipeline run specification was erroneous.
```

```
NAME                             STARTED   FINISHED   STATUS     RESULT          MESSAGE
network-profile-unknown-9p8v8    **        **         finished   error_config    ERROR: preparing failed ...
```

## Invalid policy configuration

> If the definition of the network policy config map is inconsistent (e.g. not existing default policy), you will get an infrastructure error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the definition of the network policy config map is inconsistent (e.g. not existing default policy), all pipeline runs will fail with result `error_infra`.

```

> To run this example apply the `policies_inconsistent.yaml` to your setward namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this example apply `policies_inconsistent.yaml` to your Steward system namespace, e.g.:
```
